hi folks thanks for listening our
website you're not okay Northwest this
is our 2002 Jeep 4 litre six cylinder
motor legendary for jeep reliability and
durability it has an aftermarket wheel
and tire package designed to work
excellent off the road a brand new
chrome bumper and a small lift kit on it
with Rancho suspension all this is going
to make the car handle better off the
road and make cruising around in the mud
snow a lot more fun package it has the
two tone cloth seats it also comes with
an owner's manual a brand new soft top
it only has 36,000 miles on
shows that it's an excellent condition
it runs and drives great it's been
mechanically inspected by our shop it
also has the passenger seat or back seat
which is sometimes rare with these
beauties
soft
also note the engine has no external
modification so it's going to pass
emissions wonderfully if you're live
someplace that's required and it's in
great shape
thank you for visiting our website and
you can reach us in 5 min I - 4 for 9 to